## Homework 17
***
#### Project 2 Proposal: 
_(Julia, Alex, and Emily)_
We will create a database of television shows that contains each show’s title, creator, release date, network, number of seasons, and genre.  Users will be able to search through the database using any of these categories and will be shown a listing of the titles of each show that matches their request.  Anyone will then be able to view the details of any show on that list and if there is only one show, the user will be shown the show’s detailed profile.  The database will be kept up to date by the users, allowing them to modify, create and delete entries.  The database will be initialized with 12 different shows from various networks, genres, and decades such as How I Met Your Mother, Gilmore Girls, The Simpsons, and Start Trek - next gen. Possible category additions are: length (22 minutes/44minutes), characters, rating, and possibly comments. Each show’s distinct URI ID will be the order in which the show was added.  If a user requests a show that has been deleted, they will be presented a page that informs them of the title of the show, the release date, and the fact that the show has been deleted from the database.  We may also add a way for users to rate a tv show such that their rating will be averaged into the ratings already provided.  We may add extra functionality that allows users to add their own favorite shows with a form template and a javascript function that enters the info into the database(obviously).  Another possible addition will be providing a way for users to see if information has been verified by the app administrators or not.  This way users can know if an entry has been checked, referenced with other sides, and approved.
